so what's the situation is the divorce I
know you deal with them no it's not
final but we're not together we're
moving in the direction of getting a
divorce so I have my attorney and where
we're moving along he's kind of dragging
his feet hmm but we're definitely we're
not together and we won't be getting
back together so I was going to say so
there's a chance of a reconciliation
they're like ever no no that's a wrap
that's a wrap once a new things like an
extra special I right there on to know
keep it moving that's your like keep it
jumped me the moon janitor to distance
so last time we saw you was on reunion
for basketball wives all the drama that
went on there so what's happening how is
you guys are taking again there's a
season three in the making right yes
we're actually filming right now I want
when I fly back tomorrow goes straight
to them I'm actually filming with Tammy
tomorrow so we are in the process of
filming the reunion was a little crazy
it looks a little crazy I know but you
know what does Basketball Wives it's
always some drama some craziness I guess
that's what makes the show such a
phenomenon because we just always have
something going on so speaking Tammy it
seems like you and Tammy really us like
you guys were cool she said she did have
a problem which one the ring you in a
show in this and they still love their
yeah tell me not cool i don't have a
problem with her at all um Tami can be a
little colorful a time to hear things so
you gotta kind of walk on eggshells with
her but um I don't have any problems
with her at all so Evelyn your BFF we
all know you know you guys are like to
choose them I've know what to call you
up you like you guys like that mean
girls last season we totally I'm really
nice yes I've always thought you were a
sweetheart but seems like Evelyn's took
that mean girl role on like I guess
somebody has to play the villain right
you know what she's not me you know will
you put your friends right figure out
and you see like something crazy it's
just like in your nature to kind of like
talk but it's like it's not meant to be
malicious or anything like that okay you
know would cv everything everybody has
an opinion and think and misinterpreted
so but I don't think either one of us
are really need
mean that per se is just pour them into
production the way all goals yeah the
way it kind of all comes together it
could be like oh those bitches but you
know what speaking of that you know what
I keep stator talking amongst friends
you would be do say things so I guess
it's to make it as real as possible you
are saying how you feel to your girl
I'll do that I'm saying and if someone
was to over hear what you're saying it
might sound kind of needed exactly i
mean it's a reality show and nothing is
scripted like we keep it why not nothing
Wow nothing but you have to think like
we're filming for like three to four
months you have like five six women you
put them together diz bound to be some
arguments or something's gonna go down
definitely when we come back I want to
talk about Roy seems like google it
feels like yeah Bruce has been a real
thorn and everybody's behind I would
detail no Jim we left off on Roy's I
made you throw up in your mouth okay so
tell me what is the deal why is she
acting all it takes to me she got some
balls on the Rio de león what's going on
what happened with you guys honestly I
have no idea she did like a complete 360
and I was like who is this girl add up I
don't know it came out of nowhere so I
actually haven't seen her since the
reunion I have been films of a car so
it'll be interesting when I see her
again because I have no idea what's
going on with her so really before the
reunion did you know they was such
tension did you guys kind of have a
falling out before the reunion are we
gonna pick a little mmm not really like
we had a little something like over text
and then I spoke to her and it looks a
little like whatever but it was nothing
for her to cook when she walked on the
stage she kind of had this attitude but
everybody like I didn't know he likes
just wanted it with everybody yeah she
didn't say hello like she was just very
rude and I was like okay maybe she's you
know on one today whatever but she just
took it to a whole other level and she
would not shut up I'm like cheese you
guys and I remember you like taking her
to the store the first season hey I'm
lying on his role sure I can to help you
out okay
that's what I wanted to upgrade you